So, how about something like this?
Yeah, it looks good. I think it’s pretty interesting.
Cat jump challenge!
Mii-chan’s expression at this time is the best.
Yes, I can’t take my eyes off her expression and movement,
and she doesn’t want to jump any higher than 90cm.
Have you applied for it?
Right? There’s no way I can’t take another video like this
in the future!
The winning prize is 100,000 yen. I wonder what I’ll buy if I win!
If you are selected, please give me sweets!
Please treat me to dinner.
Okay, okay! I should buy Mii-chan’s favorite foods, too.
But if Naoya took a video like this, wouldn’t he immediately
upload it to social media and make it go viral?
Is it okay to enter the competition?
That is because it’s 100,000 yen!
You can enter the competition first, and after you know the
outcome, you can upload it to social media.
Videos don’t go bad after all!
Are you sure? What about the assignment of copyright?
Copyright? Assignment? What does that mean?